your word is up guys lost an unbound
here and we are back for another video
what is going on you guys remember how
they announced that an NBA 2k15 there
will only be four players above a 90
overall so we were talking about okay
who are those four players going to be
LeBron James pretty much a guarantee
same thing with Kevin Durant third spot
most likely to Chris Paul four spots
we're not too sure maybe carmella
Anthony maybe Kobe Bryant's some people
were even saying hey who knows Anthony
Davis might get it guys I'm going to be
one hundred percent honest I don't think
I even thought about sings aankhen at
all I'm not even too sure if I
considered him and that's my fault
because he did play phenomenal and the
NBA Playoffs the whole NBA season and
I'm just looking and I see this
screenshot take a look at this we see
the rating of the San Antonio Spurs and
would you look at that sim Duncan now
the overall on the Dodge he is one of
the four players most likely the fourth
player since it is right on the dot at a
90 but hey I didn't see this coming when
I kind of understand it because he did
phenomenal but man Sam Duncan one of the
older guys in the NBA definitely a
veteran earning this spot I mean I'm
pretty surprised by it but at the same
time I understand it so it's kind of a
weird situation so far we've got Kevin
Durant at a 95 we've got simi's e at a
90 overall I mean I'm just thinking
who's going to be the fourth person who
is going to be that other person third
person i'm assuming lebron james who
knows maybe 96 97 98 I don't know but
who else will it be let me know guys
what you think who you think will be the
fourth player above a 90 overall Chris
Paul that's my guess Kobe Bryant's
Carmelo Anthony they all have great
shots Anthony Davis I will be seriously
surprised if Anthony Davis gets it but
hey who knows anything can happen
andaman
news is just rolling by non-stop almost
every single day more and more
screenshots game playing news futures
and soon we're probably going to be
getting actual gameplay I'm just so
pumped less than a month less than a
month until the official release of NBA
2k15 oh it's going to be crazy but I
hope you guys all enjoy the video if you
did and if you want to see more videos
on the 2k15 ratings which should be
coming soon make sure you go ahead and
leave a like down below subscribe for so
much more NBA 2k15 you can follow me on
twitter at lawson on down you can follow
me on twitch and as always guys I'm
Lawson on downs and have a great day
peace out